Update PR #1061 with the changes discussed in the FuSa call to make t… (#1141)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Core/Properties/requirementRational.md

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

> # requirementRational

Reviewer: Should this be `requirementRationale`? If yes, then, also the file name change is needed.

## Summary

> Text used to define the rational or additional information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text used to describe the rationale of the requirement, explaining the reasoning or justification behind its formulation.
```

## Description

> Additional detail used to define the reason/rational, why this requirement is there or give some additional information, needed to understand the requirement. Usually less formal than the requirement wording of the RequirementStatement.

Reviewer: Here I would add:

> Additional detail used to define the reason or justification for the existence of the requirement. The rationale is usually less formal than the wording of the requirement statement itself. 
>
> If a requirement is linked to a parent requirement, the rationale shall provide a high-level justification describing how the child requirement satisfies or contributes to fulfilling the intent of the parent requirement. If a requirement has no parent linkage, the rationale shall provide a self-contained explanation of the underlying reasoning or purpose for the requirement — i.e., it shall justify why the requirement is stated as it is.

Note that I removed the `additional information` because this can be done by using the parent SPDX element fields.

## Metadata

- name: requirementRational

> - Nature: RequirementProperty

Reviewer 2: Nature: are DataProperty or ObjectProperty see [format](https://github.com/spdx/spdx-3-model/blob/develop/docs/format.md#properties)
```suggestion
- Nature: DataProperty
```
